Welcome, in this video, we're going to clone our newly forked repository
to our local system and then create a feature branch,
make some changes, which will then set us up for a pull request later on.
I'm currently in the "starter-web" repository, on my user's space, in my account in GitHub.
Let's scroll down and find the cloning options for this repository.
I'm going to leave it on SSH, and I'm going to click on the "Copy to clipboard" button.
That will copy this URL to my clipboard. So now, I'm going to go to my terminal,
and I'm going to make sure I'm in the "projects" folder.
Type "git clone"; space; and then paste in the URL that should be in your clipboard.
Review, and then press enter. Great, now we should have
a "starter-web" folder within the projects folder.
Go into "starter-web", and we should be on the master branch.
Let's create a feature branch on which to do our work:
"git checkout -b" to create the branch; space; and then the name of the branch,
in this case I'm going to use "feature-readme"; press enter.
We have created the feature branch and switched into it at the same time.
Let's do an "ls -l", and that will list all the files that are available in this repository;
however, there is something that is missing, and that is a Readme file.
So, let's create one: type "mate"; space; and then I like to use all caps for "README",
then ".md" in lowercase: this signifies this is a Markdown format file.
I'm going to add some content to my Readme file, then save and then close.
Once you've returned to your terminal, we're going to add the Readme file to the Git index:
"git add README.md". We currently have our new readme file in the Git staging area,
so now let's commit: "git commit -m "Adding README file".
Great, now we're back to a clean working directory on our feature branch.
Alright, now let's push this feature branch up to GitHub:
"git push -u" to set up the tracking relationship; "origin" which is the name of our
remote repository; space; and then our branch name, "feature-readme".
Double check the line, and then press enter.
If all went well, you should have a screen that looks like this.
In particular at the bottom we should see that we created a new branch,
mapping "feature-readme" to "feature-readme" on the remote side.
Let's go check it out on GitHub; back in my browser, I'm on the starter-web repository.
If I do a reload, you can see that GitHub has already detected
a newly added branch: "feature-readme".
And, in a minute, we will do the compare, but I also want to show you
that the "feature-readme" branch is also available in the dropdown of branches